=== FULL ANNOTATIONS FOR LIKED BARS ===

1. PHINEAS/FERB
Phineas and Ferb (2007–2015) was an animated television series that followed two stepbrothers, Phineas Flynn and Ferb Fletcher, who were determined to make their summer vacation enjoyable by making absurd inventions.The two stepbrothers had contrasting personalities, with Phineas being extroverted, talking throughout the entirety of the show, and Ferb being introverted, only having one line per episode.Both Ken and Ferb don’t talk a lot. But with Ken, he doesn’t talk because drugs make him slur his words and lose his thoughts, while Ferb is an introvert.In the first line of the verse, Ken hints at his impaired state.I’m off the shits right now, these drugs got me talking sideways

2. TOM/MYSPACE
Tom Anderson is an American technology entrepreneur and the co-founder of the social media network Myspace.Whenever someone signed up on Myspace, their first friend would be Tom, making him an icon in the community.Unlike Tom, Ken Carson says he would rather be by himself than be involved with other people.Tom’s old Myspace profile

3. KIRK
kirkv2

4. PSP
The PlayStation Portable (PSP) is a handheld game console developed and marketed by Sony Computer Entertainment. It was first released in Japan on December 12, 2004.

5. DUNDER
Dunder Mifflin is a fictional paper company featured in the american version of the TV show ‘The Office’.

6. TRAVIS SCOTT (birds in the trap)
Ken Carson references Travis Scott’s second studio album ”Birds in the Trap Sing McKnight" and metaphorically means having women in his house/place of business.‘Birds’ is used metaphorically to refer to women, as it’s originally common slang from the UK used to refer to women as such; usually clueless or ditzy women. The demeaning notion comes from the fact birds have small brains.

7. WIDE RECEIVER
A wide receiver (WR), is an eligible receiver in gridiron football. A key skill position of the offense, WR gets its name from the player being split out “wide”. Ken is saying he had your girls legs split out wide open like a WR.

8. FRANK OCEAN
Che compares both the green of a laser beam, attached to precise the aim on a gun, and the green of a dollar bill – as to put a ‘bounty’ on someone’s head – to the green color of the hair on Frank Ocean’s head, eternalized by the Blonde cover art.

